Do you know that praying in a group, of 2
people or more grants you at least 27 times
more hassanat?
Meet Ahli!
Ahli enables Muslims around the world to pray
in congregation in fact it is your everyday
prayer companion.
Set it up in a few clicks and you will be
notified before prayer times when muslims
are around you.
They will get the same notification, and by
using ahli, you can easily get in touch with
them.
Meet up and pray together!
It is that simple.
With Ahli finding fellow muslims around you
is extremely easy.
Ahli is also secure!
Your privacy is at the heart of what we do,
and you are always in control of your information.
Asalamu alaikum brothers and sisters, my name
is Souhail Wardi and I am the founder of Ahli.
You must be wondering by now how Ahli really
works, but before I tell you how exactly it
does and the need that Ahli is here to solve,
just imagine for a second a word where Ahli
does exists.
It is a word where praying in Jama is extremely
easy, where with one look at your phone, you
can find fellow muslims around you.
It is a world where muslim communities are
strengthen, where our bond is stronger, where
a mobile applications serves to not only strengthen
your bond with Allah subhanahu wa ta3ala,
and helping you gain more hassanate, and good
deeds but also helps you strengthen your bond
with fellow muslims around you.
Ahli is a community catalyst.
A world where Ahli exists is a word where
muslims can easily find support in the Muslim
community, where praying in congregation is
accessible and easy!
Ahli started from two simple questions?
How can we make praying in groups, Jamaa,
more accessible and convenient for everyone?
And the second one is: How can we unlock the
benefits of prayer in congregation?
What I am presenting you with today is the
answer to those questions.
Ahli is a mobile application that notifies
you before prayer time when fellow muslims
are near you.
And you can use in two very straightforward
ways.
Passively and actively.
In passive mode you receive a notification
that for instance tells you that Asr Prayer
is in 15 minutes and that there are 20 muslims
near you.
Those 20 muslims receive the same notification.
Ahli is the bridge that will help you get
in touch with them, agree on a place to meet,
and pray!
It's that simple!
Active mode is pretty much the same thing,
the only difference is that you can at any
time look at your phone, find muslims around
you, reach out to them and pray!.
In the process of this interaction and usage
of our application, not only do you get more
hassanat, but you are also more aware of the
muslim community around you.
Praying in a group, despite all its advantages,
has become a rare happening.
Time is scarce and mosques are not necessarily
on a walking distance.
We ran on minutes, and it is often hard to
coordinate a group praying.
Ahli is a handy tool that will bring muslims
together and solve this problem - it also
doubles as a paryer time reminder and a Qibla
locator.
We have been working tirelessly to make this
product a possibility, please help us make
it a reality without your help this project
will not be.
We are devoted and certain of the success
of our application- your contribution will
inchallah help thousands of Muslims pray together.
Please share this great intitiative with your
friends and family.
It is only through the efforts many that we
may come as one.
Ahli is a movement, and YOU can be part of
it!